Knative Source HTTP Adapter for Broker/Trigger (#6236)
kyma-project/kyma: components/event-sources/adapter/http/README.md

Read more about the content types and the http protocol binding [here](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/master/http-protocol-binding.md#13-content-modes).

## Run

The adapter can be run locally.

It requires a few variables to be set:

```bash
export SINK_URI=http://localhost:55555
export NAMESPACE=foo
export K_METRICS_CONFIG='{"config-observability":"{\"metrics.backend\":\"prometheus\"}"}'
export K_LOGGING_CONFIG='{"zap-logger-config": "{\"level\":\"info\",\"development\":\"true\",\"outputPaths\":[\"stdout\"],\"errorOutputPaths\":[\"stderr\"],\"encoding\":\"console\",\"encoderConfig\":{\"timeKey\":\"ts\",\"levelKey\":\"level\",\"nameKey\":\"logger\",\"callerKey\":\"caller\",\"messageKey\":\"msg\",\"stack traceKey\":\"stacktrace\",\"lineEnding\":\"\",\"levelEncoder\":\"\",\"timeEncoder\":\"iso8601\",\"durationEncoder\":\"\",\"callerEncoder\":\"\"}}"}'
export EVENT_SOURCE="varkes"
```

Run it:
```bash
go run cmd/http-adapter/main.go
```

The adapter will send events to the `SINK_URI`. When running the adapter locally, you can simple use `netcat` as a sink:
```bash
printf "HTTP/1.1 200 OK\r\n\r\n" | nc -vl 55555
```

Send an event to the adapter:

> ```bash

Reviewer: (nit) `console` provides a better highlighting for console commands (anything starting with `#`, `$` followed by a command and then some output)

Author: I separated the commands into two bash blocks since the curl output is never shown I did not use `console`. I also removed the leading `$`. Please check if that is ok for you :)

# HTTP Adapter Source

The http adapter is a http server which receives [CloudEvents](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec) in version 1.0 and proxies them to a preconfigured sink.
The adapter is written with the [cloudevents sdk-go](https://github.com/cloudevents/sdk-go) and is fully compatible with CloudEvents specification.

## Specification

The http adapter is CloudEvents 1.0 compatible. It accepts binary as well as structured content mode. Only batched mode is not implemented.

> Read more about the content types and the http protocol binding [here](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/master/http-protocol-binding.md#13-content-modes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [this document](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/master/http-protocol-binding.md#13-content-modes) for details about the content types and the HTTP protocol binding.
```
Not much I can say here - to me `this document` sounds better than `here` at the end of the sentence.

> ## Run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Usage
```
Again, taken from the template.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Run the adapter locally
```
I would have two subsections to the `Usage` part:
- `Run locally`
- `Send events to adapter`

> The adapter can be run locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can run the adapter locally.
```
If possible, it's better to use the active voice.

> It requires a few variables to be set:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Start with exporting the variables. Run: 
```
I added the steps, to introduce the logical order.

```bash
export SINK_URI=http://localhost:55555
export NAMESPACE=foo
export K_METRICS_CONFIG='{"config-observability":"{\"metrics.backend\":\"prometheus\"}"}'
export K_LOGGING_CONFIG='{"zap-logger-config": "{\"level\":\"info\",\"development\":\"true\",\"outputPaths\":[\"stdout\"],\"errorOutputPaths\":[\"stderr\"],\"encoding\":\"console\",\"encoderConfig\":{\"timeKey\":\"ts\",\"levelKey\":\"level\",\"nameKey\":\"logger\",\"callerKey\":\"caller\",\"messageKey\":\"msg\",\"stack traceKey\":\"stacktrace\",\"lineEnding\":\"\",\"levelEncoder\":\"\",\"timeEncoder\":\"iso8601\",\"durationEncoder\":\"\",\"callerEncoder\":\"\"}}"}'
export EVENT_SOURCE="varkes"
```

> Run it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Run the adapter:
```

```bash
go run cmd/http-adapter/main.go
```

> The adapter will send events to the `SINK_URI`. When running the adapter locally, you can simple use `netcat` as a sink:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a result, the adapter will send events to the `SINK_URI`. When running the adapter locally, you can simply use `netcat` as a sink:
```

```bash
printf "HTTP/1.1 200 OK\r\n\r\n" | nc -vl 55555
```

> Send an event to the adapter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Send events to the adapter

You can send events using the structured or binary content mode. 
```

> ### Structured Content Mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To use the structured content mode, run:  
```
I would use an introductory line instead of a heading, to reduce the number of headings a bit and also introduce the code snippet.

```bash
curl -v -d '{
    "specversion" : "1.0",
    "type": "foo",
    "source": "will be replaced",
    "type": "foo",
    "eventtypeversion": "0.3",
    "id" : "A234-1234-1234",
    "datacontenttype" : "text/xml",
    "data" : "<much wow=\"xml\"/>"
}' -H "Content-Type: application/cloudevents+json" -X POST http://localhost:8080
```

> ### Binary Content Mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the binary content mode, run: 
```

```bash
curl -v \
    -H "ce-specversion: 1.0" \
    -H "ce-type: foo" \
    -H "ce-source: will be replaced" \
    -H "ce-type: foo" \
    -H "ce-eventtypeversion: 0.3" \
    -H "ce-id: A234-1234-1234" \
    -H "content-type: text/xml" \
    -d '<much wow=\"xml\"/>' \
    http://localhost:8080
```

> ## Testing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Development

### Testing
```
I added the `Development` section - if there are any additional things apart from the testing we can add them here

> Unit and integration tests can be run using the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run unit and integration tests:
```
Active voice + shorter version :)

# HTTP Adapter Source
## Overview
The HTTP adapter is an HTTP server that receives [CloudEvents](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec) in version 1.0 and proxies them to a preconfigured sink.
The adapter is written using [Go SDK for CloudEvents](https://github.com/cloudevents/sdk-go) and is fully compatible with the CloudEvents 1.0 specification.

It accepts binary and structured content modes. The batched mode is not implemented.
See [this document](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/master/http-protocol-binding.md#13-content-modes) for details about the content types and the HTTP protocol binding.

## Usage
### Run the adapter locally

> You can run the adapter locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the adapter locally:
```
We can actually change this part a bit into an introductory sentence.
